c:\users\viggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe.config
c:\users\viggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe
c:\users\viggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.pdb
c:\users\viggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.xml
c:\users\viggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\David_Vignero_P2.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\viggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.Resources.resources
c:\users\viggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\David_Vignero_P2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\viggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe
c:\users\viggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.xml
c:\users\viggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.pdb
c:\users\viggy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.P2.resources
C:\Users\viggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\David_Vignero_P2\David_Vignero_P2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe.config
C:\Users\viggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\David_Vignero_P2\David_Vignero_P2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe
C:\Users\viggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\David_Vignero_P2\David_Vignero_P2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.xml
C:\Users\viggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\David_Vignero_P2\David_Vignero_P2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.pdb
C:\Users\viggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\David_Vignero_P2\David_Vignero_P2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe
C:\Users\viggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\David_Vignero_P2\David_Vignero_P2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.pdb
C:\Users\viggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\David_Vignero_P2\David_Vignero_P2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.xml
C:\Users\viggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\David_Vignero_P2\David_Vignero_P2\obj\Debug\David_Vignero_P2.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\viggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\David_Vignero_P2\David_Vignero_P2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.P2.resources
C:\Users\viggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\David_Vignero_P2\David_Vignero_P2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.Resources.resources
C:\Users\viggy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\David_Vignero_P2\David_Vignero_P2\obj\Debug\David_Vignero_P2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
